How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?                          
Viewing a diff between two versions showed which lines were changed, which narrowed down which 
lines the bug could be on.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having easy access to the entire history of a file could make me a more efficient programmer in the long term by 
being able to revert to a previous version if a bug is found in the current version or by comparing the current version
to a past version to determine where the bug is located.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having 
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Some pros of manually choosing when to create a commit is it makes each commit meaningful, prevents commits that
do not compile, and avoids unnecessary commits.
A con of manually choosing when to create a commit is it is easier to forget to make commits that way.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Git allows saving multiple files in on commit since a single programming change often involves multiple files, 
such as in the Java and button examples mentioned in the course.  When using Google Docs, the typical use case is
working a single document or spreadsheet, so it makes more sense to treat each file separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
The command "git log" can be used to see the date/time and the commit messages.  Then the command "git diff"
can be used to compare two commits and see which lines have been added, removed, and changed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Having a quick way to revert changes makes making changes less of a problem.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try to use Git for my Android apps, my website, and my PHP programming work. 